docs: Release notes for 0.13.10. (#1693)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.txt

- Scheduler: Update the priority scheduler to support specifying priorities and preemption. See :ref:`experiment-configuration` for details on how to set individual experiment priorities.

**Improvements**

- Improve the scheduling and scaling behavior of CPU tasks, and allow the maximum number of CPU tasks per agent to be configured via the :ref:`cluster-configuration`.

- Add custom tagging support to AWS dynamic agents. Support for GCP dynamic agents will come in a future release.

- Support ``validation_steps`` in ``TFKerasTrial``'s ``context.configure_fit()``. ``validation_steps`` means the same thing in Determined as it does in ``model.fit()``, and has the same limitation (in that it only applies when ``validation_data`` is of type ``tf.data.Dataset``).

- Kubernetes: Support a default user password for Kubernetes deployments. This affects the ``admin`` and ``determined`` default user accounts.

- Kubernetes: Release version ``0.3.1`` of the Determined Helm chart.

**Bug Fixes**

- Fix a bug in ``--local --test`` mode where all GPUs were being passed to the training loop despite the distributed training code paths being disabled.

> - Fix a bug affecting `active` trials with ``max_restarts > 0`` that have failed to not be restored properly on a master restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug affecting `active` trials that have failed to not be restored properly on a master restart, when ``max_restarts`` is > ``0`` .
```
